docs(events): update apisix meetup shenzhen 2025 (#1887)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/docs/general/events.md

  - Meetups
description: This page provides information about previous Apache APISIX's community events.
---

> ## APISIX Meetup (Shenzhen): An In-Person Tech Dive into AI Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## APISIX Meetup (Shenzhen): Best Practices for API and AI Gateways
```

The tech world is heating up in the spring of 2025! We're thrilled to invite you to the first Apache APISIX Meetup of 2025 (Shenzhen), where developers and tech enthusiasts will gather to explore the limitless possibilities of API and AI gateways!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

R&D engineers from Honor, Tencent's TiMi Studio Group, and API7.ai will share their practical experiences of implementing APISIX in enterprise products and discuss the latest developments and applications of AI gateways.
```

### 🌟 Event Highlights

> This Meetup will focus on two core themes: Apache APISIX and AI Gateway, with discussions centered around:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Meetup will focus on two core themes: **Apache APISIX** and **AI Gateway**, with discussions centered around:
```

> - Apache APISIX in Production: Sharing real-world experiences in managing large-scale traffic
> - AI Gateway in Production: Exploring innovative applications of AI gateways in the industry
> - Personal Growth: Stories and insights on contributing to the Apache open-source community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Apache APISIX in Production**: Sharing real-world experiences in managing large-scale traffic
- **AI Gateway in Production**: Exploring innovative applications of AI gateways in the industry
- **Personal Growth**: Stories and insights on contributing to the Apache open-source community
```

Whether you're a seasoned APISIX user or a tech explorer curious about AI gateways, this event promises a deep dive into cutting-edge tech!

### 📍 Event Details

**Date & Time**: Saturday, April 12, 2025, from 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM

**Location**: Tencent Tower, No.10000 Shennan Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen

### 📅 Meetup Agenda

13:30–13:50: Check-in

14:00: Kickoff

> | Talk                                                                                                           | Speaker                                                              |
> | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | MCP Intelligent Management Practices: Deploying APISIX with One Command                                        | Zhihuang Lin (R&D Engineer at API7.ai)                               |
> | Gateway Practices Under Massive Business at Honor                                                              | Jiahao Fu, Weichuan Xu (Engineers at Honor PAAS Platform Department) |
> | From Cloud-Native to AI-Native: AI Gateway Architecture and Intelligent Application Practices in Apache APISIX | Yuansheng Wang (Apache APISIX PMC, Apache Member, CTO at API7.ai)    |
> | Stable Operation Practices of Business Gateway Based on TAPISIX                                                | Zemao Yang (Backend Development Engineer at Tencent Technology)      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Speech Topic                                                                 | Guest Speaker                                                                 | Speech Highlights                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Gateway Practices Under Honor's Massive Business Volume                     | Jiahao Fu, Weichuan Xu (Engineers, PAAS Department, Honor)               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| MCP Intelligent Management Practices: Deploying APISIX with One Command | Zhihuang Lin (R&D Engineer, API7.ai)                                      | This session introduces how MCP solves data and tool integration issues for AI large models through standardized protocols, using APISIX gateway as an example. It covers MCP's core advantages, architecture design, and practical application scenarios, demonstrating how to configure the APISIX API gateway using natural language commands quickly. |
| Stable Operation Practices of Business Gateway Based on TAPISIX             | Zemiao Yang (Backend Development Engineer, Tencent TiMi Studio Group)       | For business teams, developing and operating a gateway independently is quite challenging. This session shares how to significantly reduce the cost of gateway development and operation, enabling anyone to develop and operate an efficient and stable gateway.                                      |
| From Cloud-Native to AI-Native: AI Gateway Architecture and Intelligent Application Practices of Apache APISIX | Yuansheng Wang (Apache APISIX PMC, Apache Member, CTO at API7.ai)        | Explore how open-source API gateways evolve to address AI-era challenges like high-concurrency inference, dynamic expansion, and intelligent scheduling. Share APISIX's innovative practices in AI Gateway scenarios, addressing core issues like model version management and traffic governance, empowering developers to build intelligent applications efficiently. |
```

| MCP Intelligent Management Practices: Deploying APISIX with One Command                                        | Zhihuang Lin (R&D Engineer, API7.ai)                                  | This session introduces how MCP solves data and tool integration issues for AI large models through standardized protocols, using APISIX gateway as an example. It covers MCP's core advantages, architecture design, and practical application scenarios, demonstrating how to configure the APISIX API gateway using natural language commands quickly.               |
| Stable Operation Practices of Business Gateway Based on TAPISIX                                                | Zemiao Yang (Backend Development Engineer, Tencent TiMi Studio Group) | For business teams, developing and operating a gateway independently is quite challenging. This session shares how to significantly reduce the cost of gateway development and operation, enabling anyone to develop and operate an efficient and stable gateway.                                                                                                       |

> | From Cloud-Native to AI-Native: AI Gateway Architecture and Intelligent Application Practices of Apache APISIX | Yuansheng Wang (Apache APISIX PMC, Apache Member, CTO at API7.ai)     | Explore how open-source API gateways evolve to address AI-era challenges like high-concurrency inference, dynamic expansion, and intelligent scheduling. Share APISIX's innovative practices in AI Gateway scenarios, addressing core issues like model version management and traffic governance, empowering developers to build intelligent applications efficiently. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
以下是替换后的内容：

| No. | Presentation Topic | Speaker | Presentation Highlights |
| --- | ------------------- | ------- | ----------------------- |
| 1 | Gateway Practices Under Heavy Business Loads at Honor | Jiahao Fu, Weichuan Xu (Engineers at Honor PAAS Platform Department) | This presentation shares Honor's gateway evolution journey, deeply analyzes Honor's gateway architecture, explains the design of high-performance rate limiting and circuit breaking plugins, introduces a bypass Web Application Firewall (WAF) solution for lossless security protection, and shares practical experiences in reducing gateway costs. |
| 2 | MCP Intelligent Management Practices: Deploying APISIX with One Command | Zhihuang Lin (R&D Engineer, API7.ai) | This presentation introduces how MCP solves data and tool integration issues for AI large models through standardized protocols, using APISIX gateway as an example to demonstrate MCP's intelligent management practices. It covers MCP's core advantages, architecture design, and real-world application scenarios, showing how to configure the APISIX gateway using natural language instructions quickly. |
| 3 | Stable Operation Practices of Business Gateways Based on TAPISIX | Zemiao Yang (Backend Development Engineer at Tencent's TiMi Studio Group) | For business teams, fully developing and operating a gateway independently is quite challenging. This presentation shares how to significantly reduce gateway development and operation costs, enabling anyone to develop and operate an efficient and stable gateway. |
| 4 | From Cloud-Native to AI-Native: AI Gateway Architecture Design and Intelligent Application Practices of Apache APISIX | Yuansheng Wang (Apache APISIX PMC, Apache Member, CTO of API7.ai) | Let's explore how open-source API gateways evolve to address AI-era challenges such as high-concurrency inference, dynamic scaling, and intelligent scheduling. This presentation shares innovative practices of APISIX in AI Gateway scenarios, solving core issues like model version management and traffic governance, empowering developers to build intelligent applications efficiently. |
```

R&D engineers from Honor, Tencent's TiMi Studio Group, and API7.ai will share their practical experiences of implementing APISIX in enterprise products and discuss the latest developments and applications of AI gateways.

### 🌟 Event Highlights

This Meetup will focus on two core themes: **Apache APISIX** and **AI Gateway**, with discussions centered around:

- **Apache APISIX in Production**: Sharing real-world experiences in managing large-scale traffic
- **AI Gateway in Production**: Exploring innovative applications of AI gateways in the industry
- **Personal Growth**: Stories and insights on contributing to the Apache open-source community

Whether you're a seasoned APISIX user or a tech explorer curious about AI gateways, this event promises a deep dive into cutting-edge tech!

### 📍 Event Details

**Date & Time**: Saturday, April 12, 2025, from 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM

**Location**: Tencent Tower, No.10000 Shennan Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen

### 📅 Meetup Agenda

13:30–13:50: Check-in

14:00: Kickoff

> 以下是替换后的内容：
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
